Introduce and document consistent scheme for central redis db usage (#4448)
pulibrary/princeton_ansible: roles/redis/README.md

Redis Role
=========

> This role install a redis server. If your application only needs to connect to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role installs a local redis server. If your application only needs to connect to
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
